feat(curriculum): add Block 15 of the B1 stage of the English Curriculum (#59354)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-manage-a-conversation/67f05b27e13f3333efd9167c.md

---
id: 67f05b27e13f3333efd9167c
title: Task 112
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-112
---

<!-- (Audio) Sarah: Speaking of which, do you know if there's a timeline for the next phase? -->

<!-- SPEAKING -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and answer the question below.

# --questions--

## --text--

What could Brian briefly say to tell Sarah there's no decision about the timeline yet?

## --answers--

`Not yet.`

---

`We will see.`

### --feedback--

This is too general. It doesn't directly respond to Sarah's question about the timeline.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

`Not yet.` is a common short answer used to say that something hasn't happened or been decided at this moment in time, but it may happen in the future. It's often used when something is expected but not confirmed. For example:

> - Person A: `Have they sent the report?` - This person is asking if the other has already received a report.
> 
> - Person B: `Not yet.` – This means the report hasn't been sent, but it might be sent soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Person 1: `Have they sent the report?` - This person is asking if the other has already received a report.

- Person 2: `Not yet.` – This means the report hasn't been sent, but it might be sent soon.
```
